README.md, before:

# Introduction to Symbolic Music Alignment

This repository contains an very short introduction to symbolic music alignment using dynamic time warping.

## Setup

The code can be setup locally using the provided conda environment:

```bash
# Clone the repository from GitHub
git clone https://github.com/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial.git

cd music_alignment_tutorial

# Create conda environment
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

## Running the tutorial

You can run the tutorial locally using the following code

```bash
# Go to the directory for the tutorial
cd path/to/music_alignment_tutorial

# Activate environment
conda activate music_alignment_tutorial

# Run the tutorial on symbolic music alignment
jupyter notebook Symbolic_Music_Alignment.ipynb

# Run the tutorial on dynamic time warping
jupyter notebook DTW_tutorial.ipynb
```

## License

The code is provided under the MIT license (see [LICENCE](https://github.com/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial/blob/main/LICENSE)).

Commit message:

Add links to Colab in the README

README.md, after:

# Introduction to Symbolic Music Alignment

This repository contains an very short introduction to symbolic music alignment using dynamic time warping.

## Setup

The code can be setup locally using the provided conda environment:

```bash
# Clone the repository from GitHub
git clone https://github.com/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial.git

cd music_alignment_tutorial

# Create conda environment
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

## Running the tutorial

### Colab

You can run the tutorial directly on Google Colab, without the need to setup the code:

* Symbolic Music Alignment: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial/blob/main/Symbolic_Music_Alignment.ipynb)

* DTW tutorial: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial/blob/main/DTW_tutorial.ipynb)




### Locally
You can run the tutorial locally using the following code

```bash
# Go to the directory for the tutorial
cd path/to/music_alignment_tutorial

# Activate environment
conda activate music_alignment_tutorial

# Run the tutorial on symbolic music alignment
jupyter notebook Symbolic_Music_Alignment.ipynb

# Run the tutorial on dynamic time warping
jupyter notebook DTW_tutorial.ipynb
```

## License

The code is provided under the MIT license (see [LICENCE](https://github.com/neosatrapahereje/music_alignment_tutorial/blob/main/LICENSE)).
